fix: now supporting multiple queues for sqs (#865)
blackflux/aws-sdk-wrap: README.md

Batch sizes can be modified by the `batchSize` option. Failed calls will be retried up to the `maxRetries` option.
The available sendMessageBatch `options` are detailed below.

#### sqs.QueueProcessor({ queueUrls: String[], stepsDir: String, ingestSteps: String[] })

> Initialize a queue processor lambda handler with steps. Steps need to be defined in the steps directory as separate `STEPNAME.js` files. QueueUrls needs to be defined with valid queues used by each step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initialize a queue processor lambda handler with steps. Steps need to be defined in the steps directory as separate `STEPNAME.js` files. Each queueUrl used by a step must be defined in QueueUrls.
```

> Each `step` needs to export `schema` (Joi schema), `handler` (execution logic ingesting payload and event), `next` (array of next possible steps) and `queueUrl` (the queue that the step is subscribed to).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each `step` needs to export `schema` (Joi schema), `handler` (execution logic ingesting payload and event), `next` (array of next possible steps) and `queueUrl` (the queue that the step is ingested into).
```
